Survival  	

Sunshine is creeping in
And somewhere in a field a life begins.
An egg too proud to rape
The beginning of the shape of things to come
That start to run, life has begun, fly fast the gun.
The mother flew too late
And life within the egg was left to fate,
Not really knowing how
The world outside would take it when it came,
And life's the same for things we aim. Are we to blame?

Don't doubt the fact there's life within you.
Yesterday's endings will tomorrow life give you.
All that dies dies for a reason:
To put its strength into the seasons.
Survival, survival!
They take away and they give
The living's right to live,
The living's right to know.

The egg breaks, all is out;
The crawling bird begins to scream and shout.
Where is the parent bird?
A loneliness arose and heard its name ring in
For lives begin, survival win, survival's sin.
So soon the evening comes
And with it the aching fear of hate.
Could someone still remain
Who thinks he still could gain by escaping fate?
It's much too late, don't underrate, appreciate.

Don't doubt the fact there's life within you.
Yesterday's endings will tomorrow life give you.
All that dies dies for a reason:
To put its strength into the seasons.
Survival, survival!
They take away and they give
The living's right to live,
The living's right to know.
And we're all going,
And we're all going,
And we're all going somewhere.

II. Total Mass Retain

My eyes convinced, eclipsed with the younger moon attained with love.
It changed as almost strained amidst clear manna from above.
I crucified my hate and held the word within my hand.
There's you, the time, the logic, or the reasons we don't understand.

Sad courage claimed the victims standing still for all to see,
As armoured movers took approached to overlook the sea.
There since the cord, the license, or the reasons we understood will be.

Down at the edge, close by a river.
Close to the edge, round by the corner.
Close to the end, down by the corner.
Down at the edge, round by the river.

Sudden problems shouldn't take away the startled memory.
All in all, the journey takes you all the way.
As apart from any reality that you've ever seen and known.
Guessing problems only to deceive the mention,
Passing paths that climb halfway into the void.
As we cross from side t

Down at the edge, round by the corner.
Close to the end, down by a river.
Seasons will pass you by.
I get up, I get down.

Wurm 	

I've seen all good people turn their heads each day
        so satisfied I'm on my way.
I've seen all good people turn their heads each day
        so satisfied I'm on my way.

Take a straight and stronger course to the corner of your life.
Make the white queen run so fast she hasn't got time to make you wise.

'Cause it's time, it's time in time with your time and its news is captured
For the queen to use.
Move me on to any black square,
Use me any time you want,
Just remember that the gold
'Sfor us to capture all we want, anywhere,
Yea, yea, yea.

Don't surround yourself with yourself,
Move on back two squares,
Send an instant comment to me,
Initial it with loving care
   Don't surround
Yourself.

'Cause it's time, it's time in time with your time and its news is captured
For the queen to use.
Diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit didda.
Diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit                 Don't surround
Didda.                                                  Yourself with yourself.
Don't surround yourself with yourself,                 Don't surround yourself.
Move on back two squares,
Send an instant comment to me,                                  Send an instant
Initial it with loving care             Comment to me. Don't surround Yourself.

'Cause it's time, it's time in time with your time and its news is captured
For the queen to use.
Diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit didda.
Diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit didda.
Diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit didda.
Diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit diddit didda.

'Cause it's time, it's time in time with your time and its news is captured.

Life Seeker 	

Sister Bluebird flying high above,
Shine your wings forward to the sun.
Hide the myst'ries of life on your way.
Though you've seen them, please don't say a word.
What you don't know, I have never heard.

Starship Trooper, go sailing on by,
Catch my soul, catch the very night.
Hide the moment from my eager eyes.
Though you've seen them, please don't tell a soul.
What you can't see, can't be very whole.

Speak to me of summer, long winters longer than time can remember,
Setting up of other roads, travel on in old accustomed ways.
I still remember the talks by the water, the proud sons and daughters that,
In the knowledge of the land, spoke to me in sweet accustomed ways.

Mother life, hold firmly on to me.
Catch my knowledge higher than the day.
Lose as much as only you can show.
Though you've seen them, please don't say a word.
What I don't know, I have never shared.

